DOC Add section for upgrading to PHPUnit 9.5 (#10169)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/04_Changelogs/beta/4.10.0-beta1.md

The major road block to official PHP 8.0 support was our reliance on a deprecated version of PHPUnit. Adding support for PHPUnit 9.5 removed this road block. All core module tests have been rewritten to run with PHPUnit 9.5.

> Read more details about upgrading to PHPUnit 9.5 in the [guide on docs.silverstripe.org](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/4/upgrading/phpunit9/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Upgrading to PHPUnit 9.5 for PHP8 support](/upgrading/phpunit9/) guide for more details.
```

Author: Updated
